Feature angular supporting library: Refactor + First Doc (#1724)
SAP/luigi: client-frameworks-support/client-support-angular/projects/client-support-angular/README.md

# ClientSupportAngular

This library provides several features to run your angular application inside Luigi Micro-Frontend framework.  
If you want to know more about Luigi Framework, please have a look on [Luigi Homepage](https://luigi-project.io/).

## How to use the library

> Using the library is pretty straightforward, you need to import the library in the package.json:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Import the library in the `package.json`:
```

> Using the library is pretty straightforward, you need to import import the library in the package.json:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using the library is pretty straightforward, you need to import the library in the package.json:
```

```javascript
npm install @luigi-project/fundamental-ngx-sample-apps-master -s
```

> Once the library is imported and saved in your anguar project, you will need to import the module LuigiAngularSupportModule:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the library is imported and saved in your angular project, you will need to import the module LuigiAngularSupportModule:
```

```javascript
imports: [
  ........
  ,LuigiAngularSupportModule
],
```

## Features

> Here the main features provided by the library:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here the main features provided by the libraries:
```

* LuigiContextService

> * LuigiAutoRoutingService

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Features
These are the main features provided by the library:
* [LuigiContextService](#LuigiContextService)
* [LuigiAutoRoutingService](#LuigiAutoRoutingService) 
```

### LuigiContextService
You can inject this service inside your Angular items in order to:

> * Get the current Context (latest) that we received from Luigi Core

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Get the current Context (latest) that received from Luigi Core
```

* Provide an Observable<Context> where through subscribing, you can get any Context change     
    

> LuigiContextService it is actually an abstract class: the implementation it is present in LuigiContextServiceImpl class.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
LuigiContextService is an abstract class, its implementation is in LuigiContextServiceImpl class.  
```

> If you need to change/extend the implementation, you can easily create your a new class extending LuigiContextServiceImpl:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you need to change/extend the implementation, you can easily create a new class via extending LuigiContextServiceImpl:
```

> If you need to change/extend the implementation, you can easily create your a new class extending LuigiContextServiceImpl:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can inject this service inside your Angular items in order to:
* Get the current (latest) Context that we received from Luigi Core
* Provide an Observable<Context> where through subscribing, you can get any Context change     
    
**LuigiContextService** is an abstract class. Its implementation is in the **LuigiContextServiceImpl** class.  
If you need to change or extend the implementation, you can easily create a new class extending **LuigiContextServiceImpl**:
```

```javascript
export class YourContextService extends  LuigiContextServiceImpl {
    ....    
}

```

> Inside your module redefine the provider:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside your module, redefine the provider:
```

 ```javascript
providers: [
    {
        provide: LuigiContextService,
        useClass: YourContextService
    }
]
 ```
    
### LuigiAutoRoutingService

> This service you cannot directly be used, but it will provide useful features how to synchronize your angular application with Luigi navigation.  
> It can happen that in your microfrontend, user can navigate through different components/pages.  
> With this feature we provide an easy way how to synchronize angular route with Luigi navigation; in angular route configuration, you can now add in data these attributes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This service cannot be referenced directly, but it will provide useful features for synchronizing your Angular application with Luigi navigation.

If the user navigates to different components or pages inside the micro frontend, this feature allows you to detect it and synchronize the Angular route with your Luigi navigation. In the Angular route configuration, you can now add these attributes to the data:
```

Maybe we can elaborate on what it means that the feature cannot be used directly. Does it mean it can still be used, but not referenced directly? Because if it cannot be used, then why do we have it?

 ```javascript
{path: 'luigi-client-support-preload',component: Sample1Component,data: { fromVirtualTreeRoot: true }}
{path: 'luigi-client-support-preload',component: Sample2Component,data: { luigiRoute: '/home/sample2' }}
 ```

> with `data: { fromVirtualTreeRoot: true }`, once we load Sample1Component, we will call Luigi Client:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With `data: { fromVirtualTreeRoot: true }`, once we load `Sample1Component`, we will call Luigi Client:
```

 ```javascript
  luigiClient.linkManager().fromVirtualTreeRoot().withoutSync().navigate({route url});
 ```

> with `data: { luigiRoute: '/home/sample2'' }`, uses luigiClient API in this way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With `data: { luigiRoute: '/home/sample2'' }`, the Luigi Client API is used in this way:
```

 ```javascript
  luigiClient.linkManager().withoutSync().navigate(data.luigiRoute);
 ```

> Please have a look at Luigi documenation about [Luigi Link Manager](https://docs.luigi-project.io/docs/luigi-client-api/?section=linkmanager) to know have more information about LinkManager.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
More information about linkManager can be found [here](https://docs.luigi-project.io/docs/luigi-client-api/?section=linkmanager).
```

## LuigiRouteStrategy

> To use LuigiAutoRoutingService, this library defines a new RouteReuseStrategy named LuigiRouteStrategy.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use [LuigiAutoRoutingService](#LuigiAutoRoutingService), this library defines a new RouteReuseStrategy named **LuigiRouteStrategy**.  
```

> If you need to define your own RouteReuseStrategy, you can extend LuigiRouteStrategy by overriding it next way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Implementing a custom RouteReuseStrategy

If you need to define your own RouteReuseStrategy, you can extend **LuigiRouteStrategy** by overriding it in the following way:
```

 ```javascript

> export class YouRouteStrategy extends LuigiRouteStrategy {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export class YourRouteStrategy extends LuigiRouteStrategy {
```

> To implement LuigiAutoRoutingService, this library defines a new RouteReuseStrategy: LuigiRouteStrategy.  
> If in your project you need to define your own RouteReuseStrategy, please extend LuigiRouteStrategy and if you need to override method in this way:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use LuigiAutoRoutingService, this library defines a new RouteReuseStrategy named LuigiRouteStrategy.  
If you need to define your own RouteReuseStrategy, you can extend LuigiRouteStrategy by overriding it next way:
```

    retrieve(route: ActivatedRouteSnapshot): DetachedRouteHandle {
        super.retrieve(route);
        // Your code
    }

}
 ```
and define the provider:
 ```javascript
 {
      provide: RouteReuseStrategy,

>       useClass: YouRouteStrategy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      useClass: YourRouteStrategy
```

 }
 ```

> We also provide an example of how to extend LuigiRouteStrategy in class LuigiReuseRouteStrategy.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Example 

We provide an example of how to extend **LuigiRouteStrategy** in the class **LuigiReuseRouteStrategy**.  
```

> In this class we added the possibility to "reuse" a component and not init every time you load it (it could be useful to keep component state.)  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this class, we added the possibility to "reuse" a component without re-initializing it on load every time (it could be useful to keep the component state.)  
```

> In this class we added the possibility to "reuse" a component and not init every time you load it (it could be useful to keep component state.)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In this class, we added the possibility to "reuse" a component and not initialize it every time you load it (it could be useful to keep component state.)  
```

> LuigiReuseRouteStrategy uses this kind of configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**LuigiReuseRouteStrategy** can be configured in the following way:
```

 ```javascript
{path: 'luigi-client-support-preload',component: Sample1Component,data: { reuse: true }}
 ```

> If you want to use LuigiReuseRouteStrategy (it is not enabled by default) you need to configure in your application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use **LuigiReuseRouteStrategy** (it is not enabled by default), you need to configure in your application:
```

If you want to know more about Luigi Framework, please have a look on [Luigi Homepage](https://luigi-project.io/).

## How to use the library
Using the library is pretty straightforward, you need to import import the library in the package.json:
```javascript
npm install @luigi-project/fundamental-ngx-sample-apps-master -s
```

Once the library is imported and saved in your anguar project, you will need to import the module LuigiAngularSupportModule:

```javascript
imports: [
  ........
  ,LuigiAngularSupportModule
],
```

## Features
Here the main features provided by the library:
* LuigiContextService
* LuigiAutoRoutingService

### LuigiContextService
You can inject this service inside your Angular items in order to:
* Get the current Context (latest) that we received from Luigi Core
* Provide an Observable<Context> where through subscribing, you can get any Context change     
    
LuigiContextService it is actually an abstract class: the implementation it is present in LuigiContextServiceImpl class.  
If you need to change/extend the implementation, you can easily create your a new class extending LuigiContextServiceImpl:

```javascript

> export class YourContextService extends  LuigiContextServiceImpl{

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
export class YourContextService extends  LuigiContextServiceImpl {
```

    ....    
}

```

> In you module you can redefine the provider like:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Inside your module redefine the provider:
```

 ```javascript
providers: [
    {
        provide: LuigiContextService,
        useClass: YourContextService
    }
]
 ```
    
### LuigiAutoRoutingService
This service you cannot directly be used, but it will provide useful features how to synchronize your angular application with Luigi navigation.  
It can happen that in your microfrontend, user can navigate through different components/pages.  

> With this feature we provide an easy way how to synchronize angular route with Luigi navigation; in angular route configuration, you can now add in data these attributes:

Reviewer 2: @alexandra-simeonova could you please check those lines. Thanks!

 ```

with `data: { fromVirtualTreeRoot: true }`, once we load Sample1Component, we will call Luigi Client:
 ```javascript
  luigiClient.linkManager().fromVirtualTreeRoot().withoutSync().navigate({route url});
 ```
with `data: { luigiRoute: '/home/sample2'' }`, uses luigiClient API in this way:
 ```javascript
  luigiClient.linkManager().withoutSync().navigate(data.luigiRoute);
 ```
Please have a look at Luigi documenation about [Luigi Link Manager](https://docs.luigi-project.io/docs/luigi-client-api/?section=linkmanager) to know have more information about LinkManager.

## LuigiRouteStrategy
To implement LuigiAutoRoutingService, this library defines a new RouteReuseStrategy: LuigiRouteStrategy.  
If in your project you need to define your own RouteReuseStrategy, please extend LuigiRouteStrategy and if you need to override method in this way:

 ```javascript
export class YouRouteStrategy extends LuigiRouteStrategy {

    retrieve(route: ActivatedRouteSnapshot): DetachedRouteHandle {
        super.retrieve(route);
        // Your code
    }

}
 ```
and define the provider:
 ```javascript
 {
      provide: RouteReuseStrategy,
      useClass: YouRouteStrategy
 }
 ```

> We also proivde an example how to extend LuigiRouteStrategy in class LuigiReuseRouteStrategy.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We also provide an example of how to extend LuigiRouteStrategy in class LuigiReuseRouteStrategy.  
```

# ClientSupportAngular

This library provides several features to run your Angular application inside the Luigi micro frontend framework.  
If you want to know more about Luigi, please have a look at the [Luigi homepage](https://luigi-project.io/).

## How to use the library
1. Import the library in the `package.json`:
```javascript

> npm install @luigi-project/fundamental-ngx-sample-apps-master -s

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
npm install @luigi-project/client-support-angular -s
```

```javascript
imports: [
  ........
  ,LuigiAngularSupportModule
],
```

## Features
These are the main features provided by the library:
* [LuigiContextService](#LuigiContextService)
* [LuigiAutoRoutingService](#LuigiAutoRoutingService) 

### LuigiContextService
You can inject this service inside your Angular items in order to:
* Get the current (latest) Context that we received from Luigi Core
* Provide an Observable<Context> where through subscribing, you can get any Context change     
    
**LuigiContextService** is an abstract class. Its implementation is in the **LuigiContextServiceImpl** class.  
If you need to change or extend the implementation, you can easily create a new class extending **LuigiContextServiceImpl**:

In this class, we added the possibility to "reuse" a component and not initialize it every time you load it (it could be useful to keep component state.)  

```javascript
export class YourContextService extends  LuigiContextServiceImpl {
    ....    
}

```
Inside your module, redefine the provider:
 ```javascript
providers: [
    {
        provide: LuigiContextService,
        useClass: YourContextService
    }
]
 ```
    
### LuigiAutoRoutingService

> This service you cannot directly be used, but it will provide useful features how to synchronize your angular application with Luigi navigation.  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This service cannot be used directly, but it will provide useful features on how to synchronize your angular application with Luigi navigation.  
```
unless @alexandra-simeonova  has a better suggestion

It can happen that in your microfrontend, user can navigate through different components/pages.  

> With this feature we provide an easy way how to synchronize angular route with Luigi navigation; in angular route configuration, you can now add in data these attributes:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
With this feature we provide an easy way of synchronizing angular route with Luigi navigation; in angular route configuration, you can now add in data these attributes:
```

 ```javascript
{path: 'luigi-client-support-preload',component: Sample1Component,data: { fromVirtualTreeRoot: true }}
{path: 'luigi-client-support-preload',component: Sample2Component,data: { luigiRoute: '/home/sample2' }}
 ```

with `data: { fromVirtualTreeRoot: true }`, once we load Sample1Component, we will call Luigi Client:
 ```javascript
  luigiClient.linkManager().fromVirtualTreeRoot().withoutSync().navigate({route url});
 ```

> with `data: { luigiRoute: '/home/sample2'' }`, uses luigiClient API in this way:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
with `data: { luigiRoute: '/home/sample2' }`, uses luigiClient API in this way:
```

 ```javascript
  luigiClient.linkManager().withoutSync().navigate(data.luigiRoute);
 ```
More information about linkManager can be found [here](https://docs.luigi-project.io/docs/luigi-client-api/?section=linkmanager).

## LuigiRouteStrategy

> To use LuigiAutoRoutingService, this library defines a new RouteReuseStrategy named LuigiRouteStrategy.  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To use **LuigiAutoRoutingService**, this library defines a new **RouteReuseStrategy** named **LuigiRouteStrategy**.  
```

> If you need to define your own RouteReuseStrategy, you can extend LuigiRouteStrategy by overriding it next way:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you need to define your own RouteReuseStrategy, you can extend LuigiRouteStrategy by overriding it in this way:
```

> To use LuigiAutoRoutingService, this library defines a new RouteReuseStrategy named LuigiRouteStrategy.  
> If you need to define your own RouteReuseStrategy, you can extend LuigiRouteStrategy by overriding it in this way:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To use **LuigiAutoRoutingService**, this library defines a new **RouteReuseStrategy** named **LuigiRouteStrategy**.  
If you need to define your own **RouteReuseStrategy**, you can extend **LuigiRouteStrategy** by overriding it in this way:
```

 ```javascript
export class YourRouteStrategy extends LuigiRouteStrategy {

    retrieve(route: ActivatedRouteSnapshot): DetachedRouteHandle {
        super.retrieve(route);
        // Your code
    }

}
 ```
and define the provider:
 ```javascript
 {
      provide: RouteReuseStrategy,
      useClass: YourRouteStrategy
 }
 ```

> We also provide an example of how to extend LuigiRouteStrategy in class LuigiReuseRouteStrategy.  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We also provide an example of how to extend **LuigiRouteStrategy** in class **LuigiReuseRouteStrategy**.  
```
